NEW YORK CITY...
NO MATTER HOW WELL
YOU THINK YOU KNOW IT,
THERE'S ALWAYS SOMEWHERE
OR SOMEONE NEW TO DISCOVER.
I WAS ON MY SECOND DATE WITH
RAY KING, WHO LIVED IN QUEENS,
ALTHOUGH IT FELT LIKE OUR
SECOND, THIRD AND FOURTH DATE
BECAUSE WE'D BEEN TO
THREE JAZZ CLUBS IN ONE NIGHT.
I CAN'T SING FOR SHIT,
BUT DAMN, CAN I CHOP.
AND WHERE DOES ONE
LEARN THIS SKILL?
JERSEY SHORE.
OH, IS THAT WHERE
YOU'RE FROM...
LISTEN.
THIS LICK RIGHT HERE
IS WHY I WANTED
TO PLAY THE BASS.
MAN...
HOW ABOUT THAT?
JESUS, THAT'S SWEET.
LISTEN TO
THAT AGAIN.
YEAH, YEAH?
HOW ABOUT THAT?
THIS MIGHT BE A GOOD
TIME TO TELL YOU...
I DON'T LIKE JAZZ.
WHY WOULD YOU SAY
SOMETHING LIKE THAT?
I DUNNO, YOU
CAN'T FOLLOW IT
AND THERE'S NO MELODY.
AND IT'S JUST...
IT'S ALL OVER THE PLACE.
CARRIE, YOU GOTTA STOP TRYING
TO MAKE IT BE SOMETHING ELSE
AND APPRECIATE IT
FOR WHAT IT IS.
DAMN, I WISH
I HAD MY BASS.
COME HERE, YOU
BE THE BASS.
DON'T I HAVE TO BE IN
THE MUSICIAN'S UNION
OR SOMETHING?
AH, AH, AH.
DO YOU PLAY ALL
THOSE INSTRUMENTS?
"PLAY" IS
A LITTLE STRONG.
I LEARN A FEW NOTES,
I GET BORED, I MOVE ON.
LISTEN TO THE BASS.
THE BEAUTY OF JAZZ...
IS THAT IT CAN
GO ANYWHERE.
IT CAN GO
FROM HERE...
TO HERE...
IT WAS RIGHT ABOUT THAT TIME
THAT I STARTED TO APPRECIATE
A LITTLE TYPE OF
MUSIC WE CALL JAZZ.
SO WHAT DID YOU DO
LAST NIGHT, CARRIE?
I LISTENED TO JAZZ.
WHAT IS SO FUNNY
ABOUT JAZZ?
OKAY, HERE IT IS.
LAST NIGHT,
WITH RAY...
I HAD...
THE MOST INTENSE ORGASM
OF MY ENTIRE LIFE.
I DID MY LAUNDRY...
CONTINUE.
IT DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE,
I BARELY KNOW HIM.
WE'VE ONLY BEEN
ON TWO DATES.
AND YET YOU HAD
SEX WITH HIM.
CAN EVERYONE PLEASE LET
CARRIE TALK ABOUT THE SEX?
THE MIND-BLOWING SEX.
NOW...
I REALIZE THAT
THIS NEXT STATEMENT
MAKES ME A BIT OF
A FREAK, BUT, UM...
I USUALLY HAVE TO BE
IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE
TO HAVE THAT
KIND OF ORGASM.
YOU MIGHT WANT TO SEE
SOMEONE ABOUT THAT.
WHAT THE HELL
IS GOING ON?
MAYBE RAY IS
"THE ONE."
YOUR CLITORIS
SEEMS TO THINK SO.
IT WAS PROBABLY
JUST A FLUKE.
I'M GOING BACK
TOMORROW TO FIND OUT.
I, ON THE OTHER HAND,
AM ON STRIKE.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
IT MEANS I'M NOT
HAVING ANY MORE SEX.
THAT'S NOT A STRIKE,
HONEY, THAT'S A SLUMP.
NO, IT MIGHT HAVE
STARTED AS A SLUMP,
BUT I'M IN CONTROL
OF IT NOW.
I'VE MADE THE CONSCIOUS
DECISION NOT TO HAVE SEX
UNTIL CONDITIONS
IMPROVE.
AND HOW MANY PEOPLE WILL BE
AFFECTED BY THIS STRIKE?
UM, SO FAR, JUST THE ONE,
BUT I'M OPTIMISTIC.
THE THING IS,
I CAN'T GO ON ANY
MORE BAD DATES.
I WOULD RATHER BE HOME ALONE
THAN OUT WITH SOME GUY
WHO SELLS SOCKS
ON THE INTERNET.
WELL, I'M DATING
SOMEONE.
SOMEONE I
ACTUALLY LIKE.
WOW!
MARIA.
MARIA, MARIA, MY MARIA,
FROM THE GALLERY?
WELL, SHE'S MY MARIA
NOW, WE'RE HAVING A...
RELATIONSHIP.
YES, LADIES,
I'M A LESBIAN.
WAIT A SECOND.
YOU'RE IN
A RELATIONSHIP?
YES...
AND SHE JUST
WALKED IN,
SO, PLEASE GET THOSE
LOOKS OFF YOUR FACES.
MARIA!
HELLO.
YOU KNOW
CHARLOTTE.
OH, YEAH, SURE.
AND THIS IS
CARRIE AND MIRANDA.
I SEE YOU TOLD THEM.
HOW DOES THAT WORK?
YOU GO TO BED ONE
NIGHT, YOU WAKE UP
THE NEXT MORNING,
AND POOF,
YOU'RE A LESBIAN?
OH, I FORGOT TO TELL YOU,
I'M A FIRE HYDRANT.
YEAH, I'M A SHOE.
I ALWAYS WANTED TO BE ONE,
AND, POOF, NOW I AM.
I DON'T THINK SHE'S
A LESBIAN, I THINK SHE
JUST RAN OUT OF MEN.
THEN YOU GO ON STRIKE,
YOU DON'T EAT PUSSY.
EW!
DID YOU JUST SAY...
"EAT PUSSY"?
I DID, BUT JUST
FOR EMPHASIS.
YOU KNOW, THE TRULY
AMAZING THING IS,
I HAD THE NEWS
TONIGHT.
I HAD THE MOST INTENSE...
"MIND-BLOWING,"
I BELIEVE WAS THE WORD.
ORGASM OF MY LIFE,
AND SAMANTHA STILL
MANAGED TO UP-SEX ME.
THEY MET AT MY GALLERY.
I INTRODUCED THEM.
POOF, YOU'RE A PIMP.
LATER THAT NIGHT,
INSPIRED BY
SAMANTHA'S WILLINGNESS
TO EXPLORE NEW TERRITORY,
CHARLOTTE FELT IT
WAS TIME TO CONQUER
SOME OLD TERRITORY.
THE BED,
WHERE SHE AND TREY
HAD SO MUCH TROUBLE
AS MAN AND WIFE.
HERE WE ARE.
YEP.
SHOULD WE HAVE A GLASS
OF WINE FIRST?
I'M FINE, UNLESS YOU...
NO, NO, I'M OKAY.
IF YOU DON'T
FEEL READY...
JUST BECAUSE
SHE WAS ON STRIKE
DIDN'T MEAN SHE
HAD TO DO WITHOUT.
THAT'S HOW MIRANDA DISCOVERED
THE PERFECT RELATIONSHIP...
JON STEWART AND
CHOCOLATE ECLAIRS.
Be here today and she is,
from what I understand,
in love with me.
THAT NIGHT, CHARLOTTE AND
TREY ENJOYED A SWEET ENDING
TO THEIR EVENING AS WELL.
NOT BAD, HUH?
IT WAS ALMOST
"MIND-BLOWING".
CHARLOTTE WAS RELIEVED.
NOW THAT THEY HAD
FIXED THEIR PROBLEM
IN THE BEDROOM,
SHE WAS READY TO
MOVE BACK INTO THE
OTHER ROOMS AS WELL.
SO...
WHAT ARE
YOU THINKING?
I'M THINKING I'VE NEVER SEEN
MY JOHN THOMAS SO HARD.
I SWEAR, CHARLOTTE,
AT TIMES I FELT LIKE
IT WAS GONNA
ROCKET RIGHT OFF.
WHAT WERE
YOU THINKING?
I DON'T KNOW. UM...
SHOULD I...
DO YOU...
ARE WE READY TO...
GO AGAIN?
HOUSTON, WE DON'T
HAVE A PROBLEM.
THREE-TWO-ONE,
BLASTOFF!
WHO IS IT?
It's Ray.
OH, HI,
COME ON UP.
OH, SHIT.
HELLO?
SO, DID YOU
AND THE GIRLS
RUN DOWN THE STREET
TALKING ABOUT ME?
MAYBE.
How many blocks?
UH, TWO,
OKAY, NINE.
HONESTLY, I'M
A LITTLE HURT.
I MEAN, AFTER ALL THE HOURS
I'VE SPENT LISTENING
TO YOU PEOPLE TALK
ABOUT YOUR RELATIONSHIPS.
YOU DO THAT?
I make the courtesy call.
"DO YOU THINK YOU LOVE
HIM? BLAH, BLAH, BLAH."
WELL, YOU JUST CAUGHT
US A LITTLE OFF GUARD
WITH THE LESBIAN THING.
THAT'S JUST A LABEL,
LIKE GUCCI OR VERSACE.
OR BIRKENSTOCK.
THIS IS NOT ABOUT BEING
GAY OR STRAIGHT.
Maria is an incredible woman.
SHE'S GOT PASSION,
AND TALENT,
intelligence...
A VAGINA.
OH, VAGINA SCHMAGINA.
"SCHMAGINA"?
IS THAT WHAT THE LESBIANS
ARE CALLING IT?
FOR YOUR INFORMATION, WE
HAVEN'T EVEN HAD SEX YET.
WOW, YOU REALLY ARE
IN A RELATIONSHIP.
Yes, I am, Carrie, life
is not all about sex.
TRY TELLING THAT
TO HER SCHMAGINA.
I WANT A BOURBON AND I
WANT TO GO DOWN ON YOU.
NOT NECESSARILY
IN THAT ORDER.
The truth is...
I REALLY WANT IT TO BE
SPECIAL THE FIRST TIME.
WELL, I'M SURE THAT
IT WILL BE SPECIAL.
I'M SURE IT WILL BE
SPECIAL, BECAUSE...
Is Ray there?
NO, NO, NO, SAMANTHA,
I'M LISTENING...
I'M LISTENING.
THE NEXT DAY, I THOUGHT
ABOUT WHAT SAMANTHA SAID.
SHE WASN'T HAVING SEX
BECAUSE SHE WANTED TO
HAVE A RELATIONSHIP,
AND I WAS HAVING
MIND-BLOWING SEX,
HOPING TO TURN IT
INTO A RELATIONSHIP.
SO THERE YOU HAVE IT.
WE'VE GOT A RELATIONSHIP
WITHOUT SEX
AND SEX WITHOUT
A RELATIONSHIP.
WHICH HAD A BETTER
SHOT AT SURVIVAL?
I COULDN'T HELP
BUT WONDER...
WHAT COMES FIRST, THE
CHICKEN OR THE SEX?
THAT NIGHT I DECIDED
TO REALLY TALK TO RAY.
I FIGURED WE NEEDED TO
CATCH THE RELATIONSHIP
UP TO THE SEX.
WELL, THAT
WAS THE PLAN.
WAIT, WAIT A MINUTE,
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
I ASKED YOU A QUESTION.
WHERE DID YOU GO TO SCHOOL?
ALL OVER.
OH, FRECKLES
ON THE LEGS,
NOTHING WRONG
WITH THAT.
IT WAS MY BEST
RELATIONSHIP EVER.
MEANWHILE, OVER AT
CASA DE LESBO...
THAT COQ AU VIN
WAS AMAZING.
YOU CAN PAINT,
YOU CAN COOK, YOU
CAN DO EVERYTHING.
BUT YOU BROUGHT THE MOST
INCREDIBLE DESSERT.
WANNA BITE?
SAMANTHA DECIDED IF
SHE WAS GOING TO BE GAY,
SHE'D BE GAY
ALL THE WAY.
I MIGHT NOT BE MUCH
IN THE KITCHEN,
BUT I'M MORE THAN
ENOUGH IN THE BEDROOM.
OH, BABY.
SAMANTHA.
IT'S NOT REALLY
WORKING FOR ME.
IT WAS A PHRASE
SAMANTHA HAD NEVER
HEARD IN BED BEFORE.
WELL, HONEY, I'VE NEVER
GOTTEN ANY COMPLAINTS
FROM THE MEN.
WELL, MEN...
I WANT YOU TO
LOOK AT ME...
CONNECT WITH ME.
THIS IS LOVEMAKING.
IT'S NOT
A PORNO FLICK.
I WANT TO SHOW YOU.
I'M GONNA LAY DOWN
AND I WANT YOU TO
LOOK AT MY BOCETA.
IT'S A PORTUGUESE
WORD FOR "PUSSY."
MEANWHILE, MIRANDA,
STILL OFF SEX
AND ON CHOCOLATE,
COULDN'T BRING HERSELF TO
ORDER THE SEVEN ECLAIRS
SHE REALLY WANTED.
SO SHE ASKED
FOR JUST ONE.
ONE CAKE, PLEASE.
WHICH DO YOU
RECOMMEND?
I'D GO WITH
THE LOUVRE.
MONSIEUR PAYARD'S
SIGNATURE CHOCOLATE CAKE.
WOW.
SOLD.
OKAY, THAT'LL
BE $74.50.
AS IN 74 DOLLARS
AND 50 CENTS?
YES.
MIRANDA DECIDED SHE DIDN'T
NEED A CAKE THAT BADLY...
ESPECIALLY WHEN SHE
COULD MAKE ONE FOR
UNDER FIVE DOLLARS.
EVERY ONCE IN
A WHILE, A GIRL HAS
TO INDULGE HERSELF.
OH!
TREY, I'M ON
THE MALLARD!
SORRY.
HE STILL HASN'T ASKED
ME TO MOVE BACK IN.
WE MAKE LOVE ALL
OVER THE APARTMENT, AND
THEN IN THE MORNING
I GET UP AND GET
IN A CAB AND GO HOME
JUST LIKE
A PARK AVENUE HOOKER!
CAN'T YOU
BRING IT UP?
NO!
WE FINALLY GOT
THE PENIS WORKING,
I DON'T WANT
TO SCARE IT.
WHY CAN'T I HAVE
THE RELATIONSHIP
AND THE SEX?
WHY IS IT ONE
OR THE OTHER?
YOU GOT ME.
I WANNA ORDER.
WHERE'S THE LESBIAN
DU JOUR?
OH, LISTEN, YOU GUYS,
WHEN SHE GETS HERE,
WE HAVE TO TALK ABOUT
HER RELATIONSHIP.
SHE WAS KIND OF MAD
WE DIDN'T TAKE IT
SERIOUSLY LAST TIME.
OH, PLEASE.
SHE ISN'T HAVING
A RELATIONSHIP
SHE'S JUST DOING
THIS TO BUG US.
I DON'T KNOW.
THEY HAVEN'T EVEN
HAD SEX YET.
SHE SAID SHE WANTS
IT TO BE SPECIAL.
REALLY?
YEAH.
WELL, THEN WE SHOULD
BE SUPPORTIVE.
THIS IS THE HEALTHIEST
THING SAMANTHA'S DONE
IN A LONG TIME.
DOES ANYBODY WANT TO SPLIT
THE CHOCOLATE PUDDING?
MORNING, LADIES.
MORNING.
HI!
TELL US ABOUT
YOUR RELATIONSHIP.
HOW IS EVERYTHING
GOING WITH MARIA?
WELL...
DID YOU KNOW
THAT WHEN A VAGINA
GETS ENGORGED
IT EXPANDS TO THE
SIZE OF A FIST?
IT'S LIKE
A FABULOUS CAVE.
I GUESS
THEY'VE HAD SEX.
APPARENTLY SO.
AND WE HAVE THREE
HOLES DOWN THERE.
OKAY, STOP TALKING
ABOUT YOUR RELATIONSHIP.
BUT IT'S FASCINATING!
THERE ARE PLACES
A DICK JUST CAN'T GO.
SOME DICKS
MANAGE JUST FINE.
PLEASE, MARIA
HAS 10 DICKS.
FOR THE RECORD,
YOU STARTED THIS.
I AM SORRY,
BUT A FINGER
IS NOT A DICK.
YES, A FINGER IS MORE
LIKE A THIRD OF A DICK,
SO TECHNICALLY, MARIA ONLY
HAS THREE AND A THIRD DICKS.
I CAN TELL YOU
RIGHT NOW,
THIS...
IS NOT THE SAME
AS THIS...
OKAY, PUT THAT AWAY.
I'M JUST SAYING,
SIZE HAS NOTHING
TO DO WITH IT.
WHAT'S HAPPENING
TO YOU?
I'M GETTING
AN EDUCATION.
NOT ONLY DO I NOW
KNOW EVERYTHING
THERE IS TO KNOW
ABOUT THE GLORIOUS
BOCETA...
THAT'S PORTUGUESE
FOR "PUSSY."
"BOCETA,
SCHMAGINA,
"LET'S CALL THE
WHOLE THING OFF."
THE MOST
IMPORTANT THING
IS THAT MARIA HAS TAUGHT ME
HOW TO CONNECT DURING SEX.
IT'S NOT JUST
SOME ANIMAL ACT...
IT'S ABOUT TWO
PEOPLE MAKING LOVE.
YEAH.
HEY.
HI.
I COULDN'T
PICK A SHIRT.
RED, BLUE,
I DIDN'T KNOW.
COME ON IN, I'M
MAKING MARGARITAS.
HEY!
LOOK WHAT
I BOUGHT TODAY.
MY FIRST JAZZ CD.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
NO.
YOU GOTTA HEAR
THAT ON VINYL.
WAIT, RAY.
RAY, RAY,
RAY!
RAY, STOP, DON'T
PLAY ANYTHING.
DON'T SCAT, DON'T CHOP,
DON'T BLEND, DON'T...
COULD WE...
COULD WE JUST SIT
AND TALK FOR A WHILE?
OH, THE "GOTTA TALK" GIRL,
GOTTA TALK, GOTTA TALK.
"WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?
WHERE IS THIS GOING?"
NO, I'M NOT THAT
GIRL, I'M NOT...
I'M NOT ANY GIRL,
I JUST WANT TO TALK.
YOU KNOW, TALK.
LIKE... WHERE
ARE YOU FROM?
YOU SAID SOMETHING
ABOUT THE JERSEY SHORE.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH,
I SPENT A COUPLE
SUMMERS THERE.
USED TO WORK ON
THE BOARDWALK.
THERE WAS THIS SKEET
SHOOTING PLACE I USED
TO GO TO WITH MY BUDDIES.
UM, ON THE
JERSEY SHORE?
UPSTATE NEW YORK,
COLLEGE.
AND, PULL!
MAN, WHY NO SKEET
IN THE CITY?
I LOVE THE SKEET.
I SHOULD OPEN ONE
IN NEW YORK,
MAYBE SELL A CLUB.
CANNED CORN,
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU HAD CANNED CORN?
THAT SOUNDS GOOD
RIGHT NOW.
YOU HUNGRY?
WELL, NO, BECAUSE
REMEMBER I MET...
I HAD A POT PIE IN VEGAS
ONCE, LOADED WITH CORN...
AS RAY TALKED,
I REALIZED HE WASN'T
SPONTANEOUS AND UNPREDICTABLE
AND THRILLING.
HE WAS A GUY
WITH A.D.D.
WHAT KIND OF RELATIONSHIP
COULD I HAVE
WITH A GUY I COULDN'T
EVEN TALK TO?
FLAKY CRUST.
I'D HAVE TO END IT...
YOU LIKE PIES?
RAY?
WANNA PLAY ME?
YEAH.
EVENTUALLY.
MEANWHILE, UPTOWN...
SO, I WAS THINKING...
CHARLOTTE GAVE TREY
ONE MORE CHANCE
TO ASK HER TO MOVE IN.
I'M JUST
GONNA SAY IT.
NEXT TIME I'M HARD
WOULD YOU CONSIDER
MEASURING MY JOHN THOMAS?
WHAT? NO!
I UNDERSTAND, IT'S
JUVENILE, I KNOW.
BUT I'VE JUST NEVER
SEEN IT LIKE THIS.
I'M TAKING A SHOWER.
CHARLOTTE WAS NEVER A WOMAN
WHO CARED MUCH ABOUT PENISES,
AND NOW A PENIS WAS
RUNNING HER LIFE.
FORGET IT.
AS CHARLOTTE LATHERED UP,
SHE REALLY STARTED
TO GET LATHERED UP.
WHO DID HE
THINK HE WAS?
HE WAS HER HUSBAND,
AND SHE WAS HIS WIFE.
WHAT THE HELL WAS GOING ON
IN THIS UPPER EAST SIDE
NIGHTMARE?
TREY!
I'M TIRED OF BEING
MARRIED TO YOUR PENIS!
I AM A PERSON
AND THIS IS SUPPOSED TO
BE A RELATIONSHIP!
AND I AM DONE
WALKING ON EGGSHELLS!
"OOH, DON'T TALK ABOUT
MOVING IN IN FRONT
OF THE PENIS
"'CAUSE IT MIGHT
GO SOFT."
"THE PENIS LIKES THIS"
AND "THE PENIS DOESN'T
LIKE THAT!"
AND "THE PENIS
WANTS TO BE MEASURED!"
IT WAS JUST
A THOUGHT.
WELL, HERE'S
ANOTHER THOUGHT!
YOU CAN SHOVE THIS
MARRIAGE UP YOUR ASS!
CHARLOTTE,
DON'T GO.
NO, I'M GOING HOME
TO MY OWN APARTMENT,
WHERE I HAVE A LEASE.
I HOPE THAT YOU AND YOUR PENIS
HAVE A VERY LOVELY NIGHT!
MEANWHILE, MIRANDA WAS
GETTING FED UP AS WELL...
WITH HERSELF.
Hi, it's me, leave a message.
I KNOW YOU'RE
PROBABLY BUSY
HAVING MIND-BLOWING
SEX RIGHT NOW,
BUT I FEEL THAT
YOU NEED TO KNOW,
YOUR GOOD FRIEND,
MIRANDA HOBBES,
HAS JUST TAKEN A PIECE OF
CAKE OUT OF THE GARBAGE
AND EATEN IT.
YOU'LL PROBABLY
NEED THIS INFORMATION
WHEN YOU CHECK ME IN TO
THE "BETTY CROCKER CLINIC".
THAT NIGHT MIRANDA REALIZED
SHE'D BEEN USING CHOCOLATE
AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR SEX,
AND NOW SHE NEEDED
A SUBSTITUTE FOR CHOCOLATE.
THE STRIKE WAS
OFFICIALLY OVER.
THAT'S PERFECT!
AND JUST WHEN SHE THOUGHT
SHE KNEW EVERYTHING
THERE WAS TO KNOW
ABOUT WOMEN...
AH!
SAMANTHA CAUSED
THE VERY ELUSIVE
FEMALE EJACULATION.
WAS THAT
GOOD OR BAD?
THAT WAS VERY GOOD.
SAMANTHA GOT THE
RELATIONSHIP AND THE SEX.
IN FACT, A LITTLE MORE SEX
THAN SHE'D EXPECTED.
I WANT SOME WATER.
YOU WANT
SOME WATER?
BE RIGHT BACK.
THE NEXT MORNING, I WOKE
UP WITH A NEW THOUGHT.
MAYBE RAY
WAS LIKE JAZZ
AND INSTEAD OF TRYING TO
MAKE HIM BE SOMETHING ELSE,
I NEEDED TO LET GO,
AND APPRECIATE HIM
FOR WHAT HE WAS...
TRULY MIND-BLOWING SEX.
RAY?
BUT UNFORTUNATELY,
I GOT THE FEELING RAY
HAD STOPPED PLAYING ME
AND MOVED ON TO
ANOTHER INSTRUMENT.
MORNING,
MA'AM.
MORNING.
YOU LEFT SOMETHING
AT MY...
AT THE APARTMENT.
OH.
CHARLOTTE, I WANT YOU
TO MOVE BACK IN
AND GET RID OF
THIS OLD APARTMENT.
AND STAY ALL NIGHT,
EVERY NIGHT.
AND WAKE UP NEXT
TO ME EVERY MORNING
AND BE MY WIFE.
YOU DO?
YEAH.
I TALKED IT OVER WITH MY
PENIS AND WE BOTH AGREE.
I DON'T WANT TO
LOSE YOU AGAIN.
CHARLOTTE YORK MacDOUGAL,
WILL YOU
REMARRY ME?
YES, TREY MacDOUGAL,
I WILL REMARRY YOU.
WALKING HOME
FROM A.D.D.,
"ANOTHER DATING DISASTER",
I WORRIED THAT THERE'S
A REASON THEY CALL IT
"MIND-BLOWING" SEX.
MAYBE THAT KIND
OF PHYSICAL CONNECTION
OBLITERATES THE CHANCE
OF AN INTELLECTUAL ONE.
OR MAYBE IT'S POSSIBLE
TO FIND BOTH.
THAT'S WHAT I WAS HOPING,
BECAUSE GREAT
SEX IS GREAT,
BUT I STILL LIKE A SONG
WITH A MELODY I CAN SING TO.
Closed Captions conformed by
SOFTITLER